Dr. Ye, how is my dad?
Don't bother him yet
I have used silver needles
Forced the poison out of his body
But he's still very weak
Still in a coma
I won't wake up for a while
Is he serious?
Of course it's serious.
It was not good to save the disease
Now there is heart poison
This is tricky.
I'll tell you what.
The recovery period should be postponed for at least one month
And it's impossible to get back to 100%.
There will be inflammation
What!
Hey brother, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
Ye Wushuang's disease was saved by you, if you deserve it
Now my dad has a problem
You can't escape responsibility
If I hadn't saved him, he would have died a few days ago
Don't think I don't
You just can't cure it on purpose, I want to keep taking it.
We break up